Enter file contents herePhoto 2

The First step in our process was to set up our Raspberry Pi’s in such a way that they could be placed within the container in an organized fashion. We set the first Raspberry Pi up with Velcro on its top and bottom to keep it stable within the container and allow the secondary Raspberry Pi to be stacked on top of it

Photo 3

We continue to modify our Raspberry Pi’s in such a fashion that will allow them to sit on top one another, yet remain stable the whole time.

Photo 4

Our next task involved setting up the camera that will attach to the bottom Raspberry Pi. We at attach the camera in such a fashion so that it will stick out within the middle of the Pi. In this way we can position the camera so that it will be organized once the second pi is mounted.

Photo 5 & 6

The Second Raspberry Pi gets mounted on top of the first Pi once the camera has been set in. These photos display the view of the stack Pi’s and the camera from two different angles. In order to keep the wires of the camera short, we place it between both pies to cut out some excess wiring.

Photo 7

The mounting of the Raspberry Pi’s is completed and now needs to be placed within the container. Since we want them to be stable while they’re positioned within, we strap on Velcro onto the bottom of the box to hold them in place.

Photo 8

Positioning the camera becomes the next objective for our team. In order for the camera to be able to take photos outside the box, we crave out a tiny hole just small enough for the entire camera lens to stick out. This was accomplished via the use of a screwdriver.

Photo 9

The camera must also be held in place while it resides within the container; otherwise it will fall and will take pictures of the inside of the box only. To solve this problem, tiny amounts of Velcro is added to the top of the container near the hole created for  the camera and on the camera itself.

 
Photo 10

Once the preparations for the camera is set,  positioning for the camera completed immediately right after.

Photo 11

Most of the setup for our project becomes complete. The only thing left to position is the battery to keep the camera and Raspberry Pi’s actively running and the CAT 6 Ethernet cable to connect the two Pi’s.

Photo 12

The container is put together and the set up for our project is complete. The SCIA is  ready to be put to use.
